## Chapter One

This is some text to show you the features of this book generator. We'll start with a normal paragraph that has some _italics_ and **bold** words, as well as a [web link](https://jordankasper.com) so we can see what those look like. You should look at the README file in the git repository to see some of the other built-in formatting that exists.

> Here we have a "blockquote" element. Note that all [standard Markdown](https://daringfireball.net/projects/markdown/syntax) elements are supported, including things like `inline code` elements.

Next you will see some of the custom stylistic elements in this implementation.

---

Note that we can use the horizontal rule Markdown element above. However, in the "book.css" file we have changed that from a visual horizontal line to three asterisks in the output. If you remove the `hr` styles in the CSS file.

You can use HTML directly in the markdown source like you see below. The CSS classes are styled in the main "book.css" file in this git repository, so you can change how they look when generated in the epub and pdf files.

<p class='text-chain-left'>
This is a text message justified to the left
</p>

<p class='text-chain-right'>
And this is the other person's response, justified to the right!
</p>

<p class='text-chain-left'>
Looks pretty good to me.
</p>

<p class='text-chain-right'>
Great!
</p>

You can also add any other HTML you would like. Primarily, this should be used to add CSS classes which can then be targeted with the CSS file. Don't try to create fancy layouts. Remember, the end state is still a book, and the epub format isn't going to support much fanciness.

---

Below we have an alternate chat style from the CSS class version you see above. It uses the `dl`, `dd`, and `dt` elements that are generated when using the ":" syntax below to create a sort of Slack-like chat user interface. The format can be seen in the output pdf, but essentially the username is the first line in each block _minus the first letter_. The first letter of that username is what will be used for the user's icon in the chat UI. Each line beginning with a ":" is one message in the chat UI. You can stack the messages as you see below so that a single user can have multiple messages in a row.

OUserOne
: I am user one. This is my message!

2NumberTwo
: I guess that makes me #2
: Notice that my user icon is a number.

OUserOne
: Works for me

---

That's really about it. There will be a second chapter file in this directory just so that you can see what a multi-chapter book looks like, but it won't have any special things in it.
